**********
2017-08-12
**********

// To Last Night's Flamers

Be careful with that fire. It burns indiscriminately.
Quieten down. You're waking the babies.

Here you are again: another group of scared and angry boys,
like a pack of abused dogs, howling with your ears pinned back, incensed at a shadow.
How sad and embarrassing for you.
The earth has housed many of you, unable to tame the animal in your skin.
Your violence makes you ugly. Your advancement of fear does not go unnoticed.
You are pathetic, yet you are allowed to exist. The earth is generous.

Why are you here in the first place?
Did your mother not teach you what love felt like? Of the joy that's between embrace?
Did your father not show you respect? Or how to responsibly select the seeds you sow?

Did you never learn to look for yourself in the eyes of others?

Surely not. How could you have been shown such wisdom and still act this way?
I pity you.

Would that your torches' flames became suns, blinding and burning you.
You need to know that there are consequences to your actions.

Would, even more, that you turned and embraced one another,
that the escape valve of tears sprang lose,
enabling you to wipe away each others' frustration,
to taste the salty sadness on your brother's cheek.

I weep for you who do not weep for yourselves.
I know you are afraid. It is clear you are bottled up. But you must learn to deal with your own nightmares.
You hurt yourself when you do not let them go. And now you are hurting others.
Learn to breathe.

The earth was not made for us.
We are here by happenstance, inhabitants of a celestial novelty.
We have inherited behaviors, reactionary and anxious. At one point these were useful. Now, they are not.

The spirit of destruction that bubbles up in you is blind, and you are not the only ones who house it.
You are risking more than you know.

You can do better than this.
Did you get it out of your system? Let's move on.
