We crown our breath with litmus paper.
You taper your pantlegs smooth:
rude crew move in the nude fugue
with the flame that burns in two.

Our tongues can shake hands,
with sleeve of mouth howling,
our jowels boweling the stench of gut,
sparklers of spit jut madly out-flowering.

I slob slobber on your breast. I'm a bit of a mess.
I'm impressed by your fault tolerance and low latency.
You caress my head closer, addressing the rest of your nipple tip,
sip nibbling nonsense from nowhere into nothing,
forgetting and undressed in the best of it
giggling on this, two jesters dip their toes in the throes of an old joke
feeling blessed a bit, then the head got involved and arrested it -
the cheek smear bit slip back in its own spit -
I scramble, search the notes inside your instrument, when -
yea, that's it. -

Another word will flare within us:
mumbled grunts that light the night,
they're signaling the chopper,
"Come closer my Dear, you're getting warmer - you're almost there"

I pause to stare at the twilight vacancy.
Seeing no dawn on horizon lies on sun disk patiently.
Imagine the photon spun past the massive earth,
we in its shadow, bludgeons of light flying past us silently.
Pull me closer and explode me, Hydrogenital Helius
Collapse and splash me, slash me with a sword of passion and wet fire:
Collision of matter of fact, element evolute stacking,
Snacking on a weight in a hyperbolic curviness -

Photon long onto onward stars gone flickering
you lick the ring, my belly button lint soggy
- God this is naughty -
And I'm not even thinking of mommy -
well shit. It's been a good run, hun.

I'm going to Frisk my fetish pocket patiently
searching for a gun, or some dumb rung of a Ladder swung to head on hit me:
a cold collision of inner vision and sensuality.

But stay, please. Hold my head to your breast: feed me.
I need a new covenant to wear innocently
finger the clouds, holding the faucet while
Awaken the heart, told the prophet the Joshua Trees on desert floor
thriving in lime green, mint cream at their edges.

Reading pages of bold plurality, their palpable livelihood towering.
And the clouds kaleidoscope salamander feet, eagles, and hands.
Stuck in the manger's dance till a stranger's glance will rope your trance in and out of it.
Maybe then, you'll begin to lose your immortality.
Drumming heart will beat soft and you can rest again.
