**********
2017-10-06
**********

It has to do with the perception of [the] passage of time
the capability to differentiate one moment from the next.
Differentiate, to form a difference, to make distinct this and not that,
to form relationships between the two: this less than that, that more than this.
To hone in on a frequency of vibrations - a frequency:
a quanitization of silence. The defining characteristics
are the spaces between the sounds, and at what rate - that enable us to hear tone
higher or lower, a frequency: a quanitization of occurence:
water rippling faster or slower, bumping against the shore, and how short are the intervals between them.
The ability to perceive the passage of time,
which is to say the material reality of motion.

It is just air vibrating. The music you hear is inside you.
We've found clever ways to play with the constraints
to tweak the variables
to find foci of waves as the event's registration.
This is a pattern, a repetiton of occurrence.
Enforces way into the body, mimicked fold into the brain
connected to the tissue, that's why thoughts can stiffen muscles.
But music connects you to the sound in the air.
And the air is presently moving.
The significance here is the binding of mind to the body,
which is to say, subjectivity.

What are the limits? Within what bounds can we pattern?
A human reaction to a sound is on average 0.17 seconds.
To a touch, 0.15.
These are averages. Yours can improve with practice.

It has to do with the perception of time.
A lime green color scheme haunting up your line.
A recognition of a pattern gathered from disparate facts,
each frame of which is sliced according to the speed of your Memory Maker.
Theoretically it is possible to halt slicing the phenomenon of conscious experience in this manner,
to extend the frame beyond one's habitual rate
allowing consciousness to flow slowly,
unconstrained by the panicked brain which wants to box it.
Doing so would move the entirety of one's experience beyond personhood,
which is merely an accumulation of silt,
and toward a higher concentration of lucidity, and beyond that to one's innermost conscious self.
Entertainingly, the only way to verify this possibility is to try it on yourself.
I can talk about it all day, but you'll never know what I'm talking about until you practice it.
The science of subjectivity: will _you_ keep it alive in this object-making time?
