**********
2017-11-13
**********

By the waycot highway of written blue
I swallow the sword
Hollow pointed mind, unwind into a ribbon dance backward cast gaze
I glance into your maze, guide my touch with your breath, with your feeling
With feeling this time
Guide me like you mean it

I can see the blinds close open, eyelids like butterfly
Open your back spine for me, my fingertips crawl into ribs I can feel your curiosity,
I can feel your fluid feeling through your thighs
I touched your thigh; I did not feel stillness, I did not feel at restful
Felt a breathy moving through you like fog through breezy tunnel
Vision crystaline inward, did not cast gaze to the flowers, to golden pathos, to long succulent vine
I climbed into myself like bronze into plaster cast
Inside you caught me, tip of nose in focus
Nothing between the base of skull and in between my eyes

Forehead cracked into mouth, you suckle me
In childlike discovery
My whole person, dissolved
Nibble, suck my fingers like a grandma's golden necklace
Pull my beard hair rudely, discovering your hands

But what artifacts of pain you carry; pain - I carry too
Years of no's, who knows what
Avoidance, subtle shocks that lead you away from pain's discovery.
No more. I put my fingers in you
Like lightning lamp glass touch you,
Bring your thought to painful spot
You know, that's the thing: You Know.
And years of pain engrained you, now open door to gratitude
Gracious, maimed, and spacious growing
Think we still see angels every second

Open ventricles to let through
CO2 spent; mission: heal it
We act as filter, choosing
What from input will we let through?
What old anxious will we mimic?
What old pain will we pass on?
But we're asking the wrong questions -
When what joy will we contribute?
When what peace will we confide?
When what pleasure will we ensue?
When what smile will we enact?

I watch wettened crystal crack, refract light in solemn rainbow
Dance in shattered fragment, justify toward simplicity
